distribution of the remedy cannot be
stopped there is no more point in
spreading the stone sickness it is clear
infidels motivated by money are of
little use yet the hour is nigh Asmodeus
as resurrection is only a matter of time
how are you and to hear the white
maidens cry of death for it is her soul
that will stir Asmodeus to wake white
maiden that can only be Sarah and if
they're still yearning that must mean
she's still alive
what's that shabby rag this it's what
those black cloak Hermits where this
belonged to the one I offered up to us
modius just this morning the Archfiend
will walk a path open by their blood the
least I can do is allow their worldly
possessions to bask in his magnificence
what is it face you are a man of
admirable compassion the lives of their
entire tribe are inferior to that of the
white maiden compassion no I only do
what anyone would have done at dawn the
black hermit souls open if the door at
dusk the white maiden soul calleth him
forth Oh Fergus most exalted are peeping
ahhh who's there what have you what have
you done
what did you do to those people phase
I'm asking you what you did we offer our
souls task bo Diaz receive the soles of
your faithful servant
what what the hell phase edge these were
the men that spread the stone sickness
throughout rook it looks like they were
doing it to try and foster unease among
the people well what cowards I'm more
importantly the resurrection ritual has
already begun what we must hurry there's
no time will do I'll go get everyone
together
oh please please be safe